- We need to talk about Selma.
The anniversary
was this past weekend,
and the whole family
went there.
- Mm-hmm.
- And that must have been
really moving.
- It was really powerful.
I mean, just a reminder of,
you know,
the sacrifices people made
and the bravery they showed
to change the course
of history.
And one woman was telling me
how she was 14 years old
when she marched.
And she came on that day
just ready to have
her voice heard.
But then she looked into
the faces of that angry mob,
and she said she was ready
to just turn around.
She said, "I don't care
about any rights.
I just can't do this."
And one of
the older marchers told her
that you cannot leave,
because if you run today,
you'll be running from your
fears for the rest of your life.
And she stayed,
and she marched on that day.
I mean, that was--
You know, that was
a powerful day for us.
- Yeah, I mean, I don't know
if you saw the movie "Selma,"
and if you haven't,
you should see it.
It's so important,
and I thought
Oprah did a beautiful job
of the movie.
- Yeah, absolutely.
And it reminds us
that we cannot take
our right to vote
for granted.
- No.
- 'Cause too many people...
- Sacrificed for that right,
so...
- That, uh--Yeah.
That scene in the movie
of them marching,
it's heartbreaking.
It's really heartbreaking.
And but to be there,
and the President of the
United States standing there,
that's--it's a powerful,
powerful day.